now being big in japan has many meanings  one is that i'm  super famous and everybody knows me  another is that i'm slightly obese  you can be overweight you can be ugly  and get women here  [Music]  [Applause]  [Music]  we used to be friends  for quite a while and sam's come to my  neighborhood he's been in my house we  used to treat him like get him treat him  like a kid and give him a little a lot  of free passes because we would say uh  he's just a kid he doesn't know better  but he's not a kid anymore and um  you do something you screw up it's fine  own it uh but what bugs me about samuel  he'll say he'll he claims to be  better than the other vloggers because  he's honest but he's not  um and i can't really the thing the  problem is you know he says things in  this video that are just not true things  that he has done that he hasn't  he talks about certain situations that  have happened to him but behind the  scenes is a completely different story  right  um did he leave that job did he get  fired  does he have this particular  qualification or doesn't he did he  actually purchase that thing or didn't  he there are all these things  you know  i mean there was some he just says he  says [ __ ] in his videos to make himself  look good when he doesn't have to i also  think he's mentally uh  weak so me making this video again is  kind of mean in itself because i'm  attacking someone who honestly has some  kind of mental problems you know why  don't i what's my beef with him well  he's a very he he's a backstabber and  he's very negative and i don't like that  and i got sick of it right i got sick of  it i got sick of his attitude and more  than that he he lies on in his videos  which is fine that's not really my  problem but  his selling point on his channel is that  he's a very honest person he claims he  bought a house years ago in his videos  he claims he bought a house he never  bought that house and i was like call  them up i said why are you telling  people you bought a goddamn house don't  you think they're gonna realize you  you're lying when it when the when you  got to move a few years later and sam  would you know very arrogantly in in  inexplicably arrogantly tell people  how to you know make successful videos  and he would brag about his own [ __ ]  like yeah apparently there was some  video he was gonna make about pokemon  that was going to blow up and it didn't  go anywhere it got 300 views and he was  disappointed but the thing was he was  extremely critical of other people's  success uh like unarrested for example  unrest had always been better than he  did do you have a sex bucket list i had  a sex bucket i never did i was just fine  with whatever happened man i was pretty  happy-go-lucky i'd have to say i'm a  pretty i'm a go-getter you know i got  goals i gotta first before i made the  list i just made a list of the kind like  the people that i did [ __ ] or whatever  category i could put them into and then  i just kind of grew the list from there  so it's like i [ __ ] like a nurse  [ __ ] a teacher  was she a real nurse or was she wearing  so many nurses out there that [ __ ]  gaijin this you've probably dated a  nurse i have dated a couple see a nurse  uh a teacher from the school  um [ __ ] people  you know uh [ __ ] uh and then i did  like you know i tried to do my job and  like you know status likes like you know  high schooler when i came here i was 20  you know so i [ __ ] my first girlfriend  was you know 18 but i think that's legal  [Music]  the high school chick [ __ ] uh you  know  teacher of one of the teachers at the  school well she was a librarian  technically but she was still at the  squishy of sexy library i i don't know  she married some [ __ ] otaku who like  builds robots and they're not even cool  robots she has a kid now but she still  wants the dentist  um  well no dental assistants uh that's  really different let me tell you yeah i  know i yeah i know one chick was a she  wasn't a designer but she helped design  stuff for a apparel place in  a magazine reporter no okay  french [ __ ]  like country we could do by country  french  you know  thai  what is it uh korean chinese taiwanese  cantonese asians asians are hot though i  mean hell you know  [Music]  do  [Music]  i was just like you girls could look  better  you could look so much better  if you just put in the effort and like  the fashion was just like i was just so  disappointed and like  i saw this dude like i was walking past  this love hotel this dude just comes out  this fat ugly chick and i'm just i'm a  very superficial [ __ ] i'm not i'm  like dude why would you spend money on  that like you could tell he'd probably  spend the money to like pay for the  hotel like maybe he likes  girls with a little more curve  i'm just saying bro when you lower your  standards for life i'm not say i'm  saying to each the rogue that's what i'm  going to go with  [Music]  at the moment one can hear the  explosions on the outskirts there is  fighting for the city behind me you can  see the ruined building yesterday it was  a kindergarten the troops of the russian  federation destroyed it with heavy  artillery it is no longer repairable it  needs to be completely restored not far  from me are residential buildings that  were left without windows and even roofs  people have no gas no water no light  there is no heat i just love you so much  i would do anything for you  i would kill an entire school filled  with children  if it meant saving you  hey when i met your wife for the first  time she was like [ __ ] tiny like  tight she was wearing like tight clothes  she had a tight body yeah and i'm like  and but like the thing is it's like  that's normal here like you know that's  good that's not at all like that's not  even like a high standard to have that's  just like a normal [ __ ] standard um  yeah when i first came here i laid i  weighed 308 i think now being big in  japan has many meanings  one is that i'm super famous and  everybody knows me  another is that i'm slightly obese  having sexual relations in the jail end  if you might be  overweight  um or hell even ugly oh look so  i think i'm just uh maybe a slightly  obese part but anyway so  guys um  basically uh  yeah yeah you can be overweight you can  be ugly and get women here i guess it's  just the whole foreigner factor it has  to be uh i guess about two years ago  he was bad mouthing um  a prominent uh japanese  based japan based american  journalist who i happen to know and he  was he was claiming [ __ ] like that this  guy was sleeping around with all his  assistants  and  it uh number one it wasn't true  and  um  a particular friend of mine had been his  assistant in the past  and  i not knowing who sam was talking about  mentioned this to her  the girl that i that he was claiming was  sleeping around with her boss she got  she was furious and she called  and said what are you talking about you  know  i'm not doing this and that and then sam  got pissed off at me and he was this you  know bros before hose kind of attitude  okay so then the hanami comes the next  year and everything was fine but after  the last year sam was pissed off because  a lot of bigger youtubers um for example  rachel and june and other ones ignored  his emails possibly never saw that but  they he felt like oh the bigger  youtubers ignore me so [ __ ] this i'm not  gonna do it anymore i'm not getting the  attention i deserve  so he told zach he could have it so zach  was like yeah i'll do it the day he  announces sam gets a change of heart and  says thinks oh i'm gonna do it and sets  up another one to compete with the one  to hand it off to zach which is really a  dickish thing to do the thing is like  why did they  only out of spite did he pick the same  day as zach long story short  there was a big meeting  uh calling sam out on this [ __ ]  sam gets on  gets into this phone call  and  uh  i know everything i know everything i  know everything sam sam buckled like uh  like  what would things buckle for like an old  house of cards i forgot what things buck  you know buckled be buckled sam admitted  he was at fault and agreed to change the  date  and he never did they think i'm going to  go over their party and like rough them  up or something  i don't know so they start talking about  getting body cards and here's a bizarre  [ __ ] i get okay i start hearing this  from other people i won't i won't  mention that but i hear from two  different sources the same story  which is that  amira's boyfriend at the time who  apparently is like some white guy i  think he's canadian i don't know  he's afraid i'm gonna go like beat his  ass for some reason and they decide that  they're going to get bodyguards  [Music]  even though i completely never talked  about him for like two years  he would constantly mention him mention  me in his videos  those of you who were watching would  know that  and he started posting pictures of his  patreon and my patreon  and i heard from a mutual friend of ours  that sam was actually  throwing 500 into his own patreon just  to boost his numbers  because he wanted to publicly  show people that he was better than  victor and he would write things like  you know i'm a smaller youtuber but i  guess i strike a chord with people and  people send me screenshots of these  conversations because i'm cause he's  blocked on on my facebook  because like he's like just connect with  people better  than bigger youtubers like victor you  know and if so so even though we were  not talking i had nothing to do with him  i just you know i told him privately i  think you're you know we're not we're  not friends and after that he decided  okay i'm just going to go  i'm going to start targeting victor so  you just talk about me all the [ __ ]  time and in the end  where's his patreon today whatever you  know i mean sorry sam to bring that up  but and just yesterday i get an email  on facebook a private message whatever  with a link to a video of some japanese  guy slapping  tko sam in the face  in public during a live  during a live show a twitch thing i  guess i don't know  and um  and sam does not react and the guy is  like what a [ __ ] he should have you  know no one would have done that to me  kind of thing  and i was like no sam was smart that was  smart you do not react so  so so you guys know this i'm not  completely against sam i just don't want  him to be a [ __ ] liar on camera a  nurse uh a teacher from the school  um  uh and then i did like you know like i  tried to do my job and like you know  status likes like you know high schooler  french [ __ ]  like country we can do my country french  you know thai  what is it uh korean chinese taiwanese  cantonese sam i know craves the youtube  fame right the success  he doesn't get it  he lies on in his videos which is fine  that's not really my problem but  his selling point on his channel is that  he's a very honest person he claims to  be  better than the other vloggers because  he's honest but he's not he just says he  says [ __ ] in his videos to make himself  look good when he doesn't have to i also  think he's mentally  weak so me making this video again is  kind of mean in itself because i'm  attacking someone who honestly has some  kind of mental problems you know you  know he says things in his videos that  are just not true things that he has  done that he hasn't  and he talks about certain situations  that have happened to him but behind the  scenes it's a completely different story  so i understand sam had a hard life we  talked about this before but there's a  point you know  where you can be you know i'm sorry you  had a hard life but it doesn't give you  carter blonde carter there it is again  car top carte blanche what's the [ __ ]  word it doesn't give you a free  pass to be a dick to everyone else  that's a topic for a video  [Applause]  [Music]  if you know me  in real life  you will have heard me say at some point  that i read thucydides  when i was holding my daughter  as a newborn baby  in my arms i wasn't a young man the  first time i read thucydides  when i read that book  i said many times  my whole life  would be different today  if i'd read this  as a teenager  when i was a teenager i read innumerable  books  from ancient greece  in ancient rome  i did not realize  i was reading  the wrong books  one of the major reasons why i went into  the study of asian languages  asian culture asian history asian  politics  was that i felt a certain sense of  disgust and disappointment  for example with plato  i felt that there really was nothing  worth studying in the greek and roman  canon certainly there was nothing worth  devoting your life to and i also felt  that  politically  this notion that the west  had something to offer that was better  than what was to be found in the east  the idea that western europe  if greece counts as western europe that  the mediterranean  was of unique  philosophical and political significance  i felt that that was a kind of hollow  ethnocentric  boast  so i got into the study of  buddhist philosophy for many years  and when i quit  buddhist philosophy i didn't go back to  greece i didn't go back to rome right i  started working on  cree  and ojibwe  first nations languages american indian  languages  i say  my whole life would have been different  if i had read thucydides when i was a  teenager i could put a few other books  in that category maybe salust  maybe appian right  i can say it would have changed my whole  life  when you look at somebody like tkyo sam  you cannot say  he would be a different person  he would be a better person  tomorrow  if he sat down and read those books  today  why he's not illiterate  he's not incapable of  understanding  those books  i think  a concept we don't use often enough  is that of sensitivity  of developing  a sensitivity to something  and of blunting  your sensitivity  to something else what you need to  really get a sense of the importance of  thucydides of happy enough salis  aristotle's politics you could put a few  other books in the category what you  need is a certain kind of  sensitivity that's not innate  you're not just  born with it you have to figure out for  yourself  what it is that's so interesting  and so important  about these books and living the way  that tko sam has lived since the age of  20.  right on the one hand he never  cultivated  those intellectual characteristics those  ethical characteristics those emotional  characteristics he never cultivated that  sensitivity and i think the other side  of it that's even more disturbing to  think about  is the extent to which he blunted  the innate  sensitivity  that he once had  i met a guy and spoke to him for many  hours  for many hours over a couple of weeks  i met a guy from chicago  and he told me about how  the most beautiful women  he had met  growing up where he did in chicago  were prostitutes  and he grew up with a few connections in  the gang scene and he was able to  [Music]  go to parties with and i think barbecues  and you know lawn parties  with some of the gangsters and some of  the pimps  and he was able to sleep with some of  these prostitutes for free  whether that was because he did favors  for people within the gang world or  because  he was putting himself in a situation  where he would be expected to do favors  them in the future  you know  he got accustomed  to being around women  who were  snorting cocaine  in front of him  sooner or later  he tried using cocaine himself  he described to me  the first time a woman inhaled  cocaine off of his penis  then he described to me the tremendous  struggle he had  to quit all of the drugs cold turkey  when he recognized there was just one  month left  in the university calendar  that all of his essays were due all of  his assignments were due  and the final exams were coming up and  that if he didn't quit this drug now if  he didn't quit consorting with gangsters  and prostitutes right now he was gonna  drop out of school  you can imagine  he didn't pass with an a plus or an a  minus  but in that one month he quit all the  drugs  and he did manage  to complete  his degree  all of us would have to  overcome  a certain kind of aversion  to start living that life  right there are certain things were  sensitive to  that we would have to become inured to  we would have to become  in a subtle way in a sense eight  that's what happened  to tko sam  over a much  longer  period  of time and the fundamental reason  why i criticize his channel  is not because he's ruined his own life  but because he is ruining the lives of  others by taking his experience  fictionalizing it  commodifying it  and selling it  as a fantasy  on the internet now  i've made several videos talking about  brian turner  some of the least popular videos on my  channel but they're really important in  their way brian turner's advice  about how to get rich on the stock  market etc for a lot of you a lot of you  are living with misconceptions about how  the stock market works  and misconceptions about how social  media and the stock market now  work together  in this same way that i've described  tko sam  fictionalizing  experience  and then commodifying it song on the  internet as a fantasy so for a lot of  you those videos will be really worth  seeing if you have the time to click  through and see my critique of  of brian  turner my problem with brian turner is  not that he in the privacy of his own  home  is gambling his own money  and indeed losing his own money right my  problem is that he's coming on youtube  and he's presenting this fiction  frankly to  vulnerable people  to people who want  to believe it  so much people who will  in their way  have their lives ruined  if they try walking in the same  footsteps  that brian turner has set out for them  tko  should i call you sam  how long  do you think it would take  for me  to catch up with you in tokyo  if i wanted to  how long do you think it would take for  me  to sleep with 100 women  in  tokyo and how long do you think it would  take you  to catch up with me in terms of just  being able to read  thucydides  and being sensitive to its significance  in such a way that you would understand  what i'm talking about here that you  would feel the gravitas of that text of  that political philosophy  that you could let it  change  your life  [Applause]  [Music]  huh  [Music]  [Applause]  [Music]  you